Improve Staking Miner intro (#3973)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-staking-miner.md

:::caution

The staking-miner code is experimental and it is still in the development phase. Use is at your own
discretion, as there is a risk of losing some funds.

:::

> At the end of each era on Polkadot and Kusama, which use [NPoS](learn-phragmen), a new set of validators 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end of each era on Polkadot and Kusama, using [NPoS](learn-phragmen), a new set of validators 
```
